oh it's pumpkin time pumpkin seeds
pumpkin over sweet all summer long and
my brother and I get ready for our
favorite holiday can you guess what it
is what's the what's the day that you
associate with that kind of design what
is that more specifically when when
there's a face when there's a face cut
on it you don't remember what that's
called really jack-o'-lantern when do
you see jack-o'-lanterns
can you guess what we do to get ready we
plant a jack-o'-lantern patch
first I turn the soil with the shovel
and my brother uses the Spade to dig
narrow rows just one inch deep then we
drop in pumpkin seeds and cover them
with soil
you know what soil is really Sandra you
know soilless what's that brown stuff
dirt soil is another word for dirt
we water them and wait for the Sun to
warm them before long the seeds grow
tiny roots and small green shoots poke
up out of the ground
I see the pumpkins the shoots grow into
vines and the vines grow longer you'll
see pumpkins in a bit right they have to
first of vines have to grow do you know
which part of this is the vine it's this
long part that looks like a branch the
part that looks like a branch there the
leaves on the vine and that long green
part that looks like a branch is the
vine every week we water them and pull
up lots of weeds not so good to grow up
that's a good point
but when you have a garden you there are
things that you want to grow in your
garden like pumpkins and there are other
things that you don't want to grow lots
of other different kinds of plants so
this boy is going to pull up other kinds
of plants that are not pumpkins because
if there are too many weeds his pumpkins
might not grow up properly soon we see
buds where flowers will bloom the yellow
flowers okay this is a bud down here
there's a there's that that's a sort of
a compact mass of closed up leaves and
when it opens up it'll it'll the petals
of the flower will come out so you see
this part down here is where that bud
opened up and the flower petals came out
those yellow flowers show us where our
pumpkins will grow will see pumpkins in
a bit they have to grow
at first the pumpkins are green tiny
those our pumpkins are just very small
and they don't look like big ripe
pumpkins but they grow bigger
what do doggies what it's good point
doggy has to stay under shelter if he
wants to be dry right now he's just
playing in the rain
so once he's finished playing no go and
go in the kitchen and get a different
one go in the kitchen and get another
one go get another one
go get something for yourself in the
kitchen so they're getting bigger and
bigger soon it is fall and our great big
pumpkins change color from green to
yellow Jack puppies that's right they're
so little bit green to orange now
they're ready to be picked never grown
such big pumpkins like pumpkins oh good
mom and dad helped us cut the pumpkins
from the vines we gathered them in a
wheelbarrow and take them real barrel
pumpkins that's true
it's Halloween at last we draw faces on
our pumpkins
this is the top of the pump
they cut the top of the pumpkin off and
scoop out all of the seeds and the pulp
inside of the pumpkin so they just have
the hollow shell we draw faces on our
pumpkins and mom and dad help us cut
them hollow them out and light candles
inside now they are jack-o'-lanterns
this one is my favorite can you guess
what we do next we put on our costumes
it's time to trick-or-treat the
jack-o'-lantern now because it has a
face a face on the pumpkin
jack-o'-lantern happy Halloween that's
true and there's how the seed starts to
grow the roots coming out yes we just
did